Add gcloud link (#659)
akka/akka-platform-guide: docs-source/docs/modules/deployment/pages/gcp-install.adoc

If you are a first time GCP user, please follow these steps:

. Get started with Google Cloud Platform here: https://cloud.google.com/gcp/getting-started[https://cloud.google.com/gcp/getting-started {tab-icon}, window="tab"].
. Create your Google account at https://console.cloud.google.com[https://console.cloud.google.com {tab-icon}, window="tab"]. 
. Sign up for an active plan and setup billing. You can start with Free tier, follow instructions at https://cloud.google.com/free[https://cloud.google.com/free {tab-icon}, window="tab"]. 
. Create a project. 

> . Link your billing account to the project at https://console.cloud.google.com/billing/projects[https://console.cloud.google.com/billing/projects {tab-icon}, window="tab"]

Author: ```suggestion
. Link your billing account to the project at https://console.cloud.google.com/billing/projects[https://console.cloud.google.com/billing/projects {tab-icon}, window="tab"].
```

. The akka-operator.serviceAccount.name — This is the name of the service account used by the operator to access Kubernetes resources.
. The Reporting Service Account — This is the service account used for reporting data to Google.

. Take a moment to review all the permissions the Akka Cloud Platform operator will use in order to operate your applications.

. Click `Deploy`.

After clicking `Deploy` the Google console navigates to the `Application starting` page. Wait for the application components to deploy.

> From a terminal, login to your project using the gcloud CLI, follow the quick start at https://cloud.google.com/sdk/docs/quickstart[https://cloud.google.com/sdk/docs/quickstart {tab-icon}, window="tab"] if you are not familiar with it yet.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
From a terminal, login to your project using the gcloud CLI, you can find quick-start instructions at https://cloud.google.com/sdk/docs/quickstart[https://cloud.google.com/sdk/docs/quickstart {tab-icon}, window="tab"].
```

> Navigate to https://console.cloud.google.com/kubernetes/application, click on the cluster name for the Akka Cloud Platform application, click on the `CONNECT` button, copy the gcloud command for command line access, an example of it is shown below:

Reviewer 2: Make these few steps a list?

Author: yeah I had that before... ok.

[source,shell script]
----

> gcloud container clusters get-credentials my-cluster --zone my-zone --project my-project

Reviewer 2: Muktiple lines:

gcloud foo \
  --param=value

Reviewer 2: Prefer real values and 'shopping-cart' names over 'my-zone' and 'my-project'.

Author: ok

Author: real values depend on what the user chooses?

Author: I'll change to actual values.

> gcloud container clusters get-credentials my-cluster --zone us-west1-c --project my-project

Reviewer: ```suggestion
gcloud container clusters get-credentials my-cluster --zone my-zone --project my-project
```
